614 detail conn (#642)
np-guard/vpc-network-config-analyzer: cmd/analyzer/expected_out/multi_vpc_configs.txt

vsi2-ky[10.240.20.4] => Public Internet (all ranges) : All Connections
vsi2-ky[10.240.20.4] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : All Connections
vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] => db-endpoint-gateway-ky[10.240.30.7] : All Connections
vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : protocol: ICMP,UDP
vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : protocol: TCP * 
vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] => vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] : All Connections
vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] => vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] : All Connections
vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] => db-endpoint-gateway-ky[10.240.30.7] : All Connections
vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : protocol: ICMP,UDP
vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : protocol: TCP * 
vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] => vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] : All Connections
vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] => vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] : All Connections
vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] => db-endpoint-gateway-ky[10.240.30.7] : All Connections
vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : protocol: ICMP,UDP
vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] => vsi1-ky[10.240.10.4] : protocol: TCP * 
vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] => vsi3a-ky[10.240.30.5] : All Connections
vsi3c-ky[10.240.30.4] => vsi3b-ky[10.240.30.6] : All Connections

> connections are responsive (on TCP) unless marked with * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TCP connections for which response is not permitted are marked with *
```

Author: done
